Clarify that non-text elements can span entire width (#107)
primer/design: content/ui-patterns/messaging.mdx

      <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/586552/63046881-46e5fb00-bea1-11e9-87ee-80dbeb0bea1c.png" />
    </Box>
    <Text fontSize="0" color="gray.5">

>       Don’t let text span the entire width of the window (but non-text elements can still span the entire width)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Don’t let a single text block span the entire width of the window (non-text elements can still span the entire width, such as left-aligned text and right-aligned buttons)
```
